for computer support in Los Angeles
trust dependable computer guys
incorporated established in 1993 dcg has
helped hundreds of businesses just like
yours manage and maintain reliable
computer networks dependable computer
guys for network support call 8 185 419
195 I am Ben from dependable computer
guys and I'm one of their network server
engineers more and more we have clients
bringing Macintosh computers into the
workplace and need to connect to their
windows servers to access files today
I'm going to show you how you can
connect from a mac to a Windows Server
share you can start by going to go on
the finder menu and then connect to
server you can also use the apple k
shortcut once the connect to server
dialogue comes up you can type in SMB
colon two forward slashes and the server
name and click on connect you will then
be prompted for the login to your
windows server in this instance we'll be
using the administrator there's no need
to specify the domain in this step once
inside you can click on connect
and you know we Willis you'll receive a
list of volumes that can be mounted
these are windows server shares that you
would normally see by browsing to the
server go through the list and select
the share you want to access and click
OK it will then bring up a folder
containing all of the items in that
chair by default finder turns off
network shares on the desktop so you can
go to finder preferences and check the
box for connected servers and you will
now see this year listed on the desktop
for easy access once you're done you can
drag the network share down to the dock
and disconnect it I hope you found this
demo I'm connecting to Macintosh
computer to a windows server share
helpful if you have any questions about
using your Macintosh with the windows
network feel free to contact me in the
office at dependable computer guys